{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Next steps: \
\
\
1.  Do the escape speed plot for dwarf 2. \
\
2.  Update the Table in the overleaf with the Fit 1D and the concentration update to the Jeon fits. Add Rvir values to the table. \
\
3.  Add the spherical shells plots to the overleaf.  Make sure Fit 1D is in this plot as well. \
\
4.  Add the mass profile plots to the overleaf. \
\
5. Add the escape speed plots to the overleaf.   (Fits 1D and Jeon values for the escape speed). \
\
6. Add details to the overleaf text -  mass per particle,  how did you compute Rvir (what are the definitions), how did you decide on fit 1A -1D ? \
\
\
More Calculations: \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  1.. compute the mean velocity profile per velocity component (vx,vy,vz). Compute the mean velocity of particles in spherical volumes and make a plot of mean velocity (vx,vy,vz; three lines) vs. distance from the center of the dwarf. Do this for both stars and dark matter.  Use the np.mean() function.\
\
2  compute the velocity dispersion profile for each velocity component (i.e. the standard deviation about the mean velocity in x or y or z- use the np.std() function) . Compute the standard deviation of the velocity (sigma_vx,sigma_vy,sigma_vz) of particles in spherical volumes and plot these three lines vs. distance from the center of the dwarf. Do this for both stars and dark matter.  \
\
3. Compute the mass profile for JUST the stars (mass of stars in spherical volumes as a function of distance from the center). Identify the radius where the mass enclosed is 1/2 the total mass in stars (r_half). \
\
4. Compute the dispersion  (sigma_vx, sigma_vy, sigma_vz) WITHIN r_half .  \
\
5. Write code to represent equations 7.29 from the site below . Note that sigma_los = sigma_vx (or sigma_vy, sigma_vz) i.e. the velocity dispersion in vx or vy or vz at r_half (step 3 + step 4). Use this new code to compute the total mass enclosed within r_half, as inferred from the velocity dispersion at r_half.   Call this M_half_wolf.\
https://galaxiesbook.org/chapters/I-05.-Masses-Spherical-Systems.html#The-masses-of-dwarf-spheroidal-galaxies-using-the-Jeans-equation\
\
6. Using the actual dark matter mass profiles that you had computed before, determine the total mass enclosed within r_half (same radius from step 3). Call this M_half_real\
\
7. Compare M_half_wolf to M_half_real (compute the ratio).    \
\
8. Repeat the above for Dwarf 2, with RT /no RT.   Even at a different redshift. \
}